## Seed code - Boilerplate for step 5 REST - Activity Stream Assignment

### Assignment Step Description
In this case study Activity Stream Step 5, we will implement Java Persistence API (JPA) for accessing, persisting, and managing data between Java objects/classes and a relational database. 
In this step, we will create this application in two parts one for REST and other for Backend.

- REST will have all the controller classes been implemented
- Backend will have all the configuration classes, model classes, repository classes, service classes and logging aspect been implemented.

### Problem Statement

In this case study Activity Stream Step 5 for RESTful controllers, we will write controller classes for processing all requests related to Circle, Message, UserAuth, UserCircle and User. 

### Solution Step

    Step 1: Configure Postman in your Google Chrome
    Step 2: Use URI's mentioned in the controller to check all the expected operations using Postman.

### Steps to be followed:

    Step 1: Clone the boilerplate in a specific folder on your local machine and import the same in your eclipse STS.
    Step 2: Add relevant dependencies in pom.xml file. 
        Note: Read the comments mentioned in pom.xml file for identifying the relevant dependencies.
    Step 3: Create Environment Variable thru script file (.sh for Linux & .bat for Windows).
    Step 4: Write controllers to work with RESTful web services. 
    Step 5: Test each and every controller with appropriate test cases.
   
### Project structure

The folders and files you see in this repositories, is how it is expected to be in projects, which are submitted for automated evaluation by Hobbes

    Project
	|
	├── com.stackroute.activitystream.controller
	|		└── CircleController.java           // This class is responsible for processing all requests related to Circle and builds an appropriate model and passes it to the view for rendering.
	|		└── MessageController.java          // This class is responsible for processing all requests related to Message and builds an appropriate model and passes it to the view for rendering.
	|		└── UserAuthController.java         // This class is responsible for processing all requests related to UserAuthController and builds an appropriate model and passes it to the view for rendering.
	|		└── UserCircleController.java       // This class is responsible for processing all requests related to UserCircleController and builds an appropriate model and passes it to the view for rendering.
	|		└── UserController.java             // This class is responsible for processing all requests related to UserController and builds an appropriate model and passes it to the view for rendering.
	├── com.stackroute.activitystream.test      // All the test case classes are made available in this package
	|		└── CircleTest.java
	|		└── MessageTest.java  
	|		└── UserAuthTest.java 
	|		└── UserCircleTest.java
	|		└── UserTest.java      
	├── .classpath			                    // This file is generated automatically while creating the project in eclipse
	├── .hobbes   			                    // Hobbes specific config options, such as type of evaluation schema, type of tech stack etc., Have saved a default values for convenience
	├── .project			                    // This is automatically generated by eclipse, if this file is removed your eclipse will not recognize this as your eclipse project. 
	├── pom.xml 			                    // This is a default file generated by maven, if this file is removed your project will not get recognised in hobbes.
	└── PROBLEM.md  		                    // This files describes the problem of the assignment/project, you can provide as much as information and clarification you want about the project in this file

> PS: All lint rule files are by default copied during the evaluation process, however if need to be customizing, you should copy from this repo and modify in your project repo

### Important instructions for Participants
> - We expect you to write the assignment on your own by following through the guidelines, learning plan, and the practice exercises
> - The code must not be plagirized, the mentors will randomly pick the submissions and may ask you to explain the solution
> - The code must be properly indented, code structure maintained as per the boilerplate and properly commented
> - Follow through the problem statement shared with you

### Further Instructions on Release

*** Release 0.1.0 ***

- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> Java Application to run your Assignment.
- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> JUnit Test to run your Assignment.